Additional possible features / todo list:

Multiple input boxes for student upload - they can submit multiple via .zip, but
  it would be nice to let them just select 2-3 files instead

Restrict student upload filetypes / number of files (goes with the above)

Allow download / upload of test weights
  - If the same assignment is used in another course (or another offerring of
    the same course), it'd be nice to not have to enter all the test weights
    again. Downloading weights would also allow them to be stored in a
    repository with the rest of the test code.

Grade all results - Delete CSV at some point?
  - The endpoint that allows download of the CSVs is restricted to those who
    can modify the course. A different instructor could download the grades
    if sent the link, but this is acceptable. However, it's probably not great
    to keep these in the filesystem forever.
    According to http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29192132/how-to-run-code-after-flask-send-file-or-send-from-directory
    and my testing, there isn't a way to just delete the file after it's sent.
    Best alternative is something that occaisonally scrubs the directory,
    could be as simple as a cronjob (external to this app) that deletes
    files with a specified age.

Add some sort of progress indicator to the 'Grade All' functionality
  - The 'Grade All' functionality can take quite a while. Thus, the user might
    wonder if it's actually still working if it's progressed for quite a while.
    The function would need to be partially rewritten to support the
    EventSource interface instead of a basic POST reply to allow the JavaScript
    page to know the progress.

cs3110_test module - cleanly handle Pa_ounit_lib.summarize () call
  - This line should not be in any test files used with this module. If it is,
    it'd be nice to handle it gracefully.

Admin interface validation:
  What happens if the test file doesn't have any tests or fails in some other
    manner on upload or grade_all?
